r/aws_dx_gateway_association: Allowed prefix support (#8222)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/dx_gateway_association.html.markdown

}
```

### Allowed Prefixes

```hcl
resource "aws_dx_gateway" "example" {
  name            = "example"
  amazon_side_asn = "64512"
}

resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.255.255.0/28"
}

resource "aws_vpn_gateway" "example" {

>   vpc_id = "${aws_vpc.test.id}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  vpc_id = "${aws_vpc.example.id}"
```

}

resource "aws_dx_gateway_association" "example" {
  dx_gateway_id  = "${aws_dx_gateway.example.id}"
  vpn_gateway_id = "${aws_vpn_gateway.example.id}"

  allowed_prefixes = [
    "210.52.109.0/24",
    "175.45.176.0/22",
  ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dx_gateway_id` - (Required) The ID of the Direct Connect gateway.
* `vpn_gateway_id` - (Required) The ID of the VGW with which to associate the gateway.

> * `allowed_prefixes` - (Optional) The Amazon VPC prefixes to advertise to the Direct Connect gateway.

Reviewer: Minor improvements here for clarification:

```suggestion
* `allowed_prefixes` - (Optional) VPC prefixes (CIDRs) to advertise to the Direct Connect gateway. Defaults to the CIDR block of the VPC associated with the Virtual Gateway. To enable drift detection, must be configured.
```
